and introduce them or try to implement
what is the bomb brics
This cylinder has the capacity to
15,000 liters
for a garden this water what we
we try to do is that in time
of drying is what will cover us
what our garden
and everything is made to kiss
a cost of about say no
is
and it's manual
It has 3 meters
Well right now he has 4 but he was
trained for 8 meters already but
have to add then for the
won
right now I'll show you out already
what is
let's flute
here in this within this have two
marbles together so that the marble is
for when you
the marble if it 's playing
it will not be the same what this piece that
do not leave catwalk
the check
this is the not so expensive
there are communities where you can not find
as you can make a bomb teach what
which is also we have the pump
yes
and maybe the same
we go out from 8 meters to 9 for
take it well
the net
our floating the woman that we
we want to go
well, that
then it is different
what is taken out of the water
and that effort
here at the same time we exercise
trying one hour and a half
drip irrigation
what do you have in a rapid change
one that was
road
there are communities
how to save it
now
Six strings
and the stick
then we do not cost much marble
and here we are this is the the base has
3 meters
then a yoke can output two
bombs
is loud here the applause and here yes
if the well was more still only you
add but to the part d
I would add so that it will continue 28
meters
to the two parties not only be alone
because it just would like him here
average to be able to get to the opportunity
and that is him
and if for example here is
he put an organization and they have never
counted to do this module
if you can go to teach also
make them give them training as they
they make the bombs